DEV-1012: Update README to conform to new style guide (#64)
Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby: README.md

# Dwolla SDK for Ruby

![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby.svg)

> This repository contains the source code for Dwolla's Ruby-based SDK, which allows developers to interact with Dwolla's server-side API via a Ruby API. Any action that can be performed via an HTTP request can be made using this SDK when executed within a server-side environment.

Author: ```suggestion
This repository contains the source code for Dwolla's Ruby-based SDK, which allows developers to interact with Dwolla's server-side API via a Ruby API, with automatic OAuth token management included. Any action that can be performed via an HTTP request can be made using this SDK when executed within a server-side environment.
```

> ### Table of Contents

Author: ```suggestion
## Table of Contents
```

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Initialization](#initialization)
- [Making Requests](#making-requests)
  - [Low-level Requests](#low-level-requests)
    - [Setting Headers](#setting-headers)
    - [Responses](#responses)
      - [Success](#success)
      - [Error](#error)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Community](#community)
- [Additional Resources](#additional-resources)

> ---

Author: ```suggestion
```

)
```

> #### Configure Faraday (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configure Faraday (Optional)
```

> DwollaV2 uses [Faraday][faraday] to make HTTP requests. You can configure your own

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dwolla for Ruby uses [Faraday][faraday] to make HTTP requests. You can configure your own
```

end
```

## Making Requests

Once you've created a `Client`, currently, you can make low-level HTTP requests.

### Low-level Requests

To make low-level HTTP requests, you can use the [`get()`](#get), [`post()`](#post), and [`delete()`](#delete) methods.

#### `GET`
```ruby
# GET api.dwolla.com/resource?foo=bar
$dwolla.get "resource", foo: "bar"
```

#### `POST`
```ruby
# POST api.dwolla.com/resource {"foo":"bar"}
$dwolla.post "resource", foo: "bar"

# POST api.dwolla.com/resource multipart/form-data foo=...
$dwolla.post "resource", foo: Faraday::UploadIO.new("/path/to/bar.png", "image/png")
```

#### `DELETE`
```ruby
# DELETE api.dwolla.com/resource
$dwolla.delete "resource"
```

> ##### Setting headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Setting Headers
```

> To set additional headers on a request you can pass a `Hash` of headers as the 3rd argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set additional headers on a request, you can pass a `Hash` of headers as the 3rd argument.
```

end
```

## Making Requests

Once you've created a `Client`, currently, you can make low-level HTTP requests.

### Low-level Requests

> To make low-level HTTP requests, you can use the `get()`, `post()`, and `delete()` methods.

Author: ```suggestion
To make low-level HTTP requests, you can use the [`get()`](#get), [`post()`](#post), and [`delete()`](#delete) methods.
```

# => "https://api-sandbox.dwolla.com/events"
```

##### Error

If the server returns an error, a `DwollaV2::Error` (or one of its subclasses) will be raised.

> `DwollaV2::Error`s are similar to `DwollaV2::Response`s`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DwollaV2::Error`s are similar to `DwollaV2::Response`s.
```

- **3.0.1** - Update dependencies (Thanks [@sealabcore](https://github.com/sealabcore)!). [#48](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby/pull/48)
- **3.0.0** - Add integrations auth functions
- **3.0.0.beta1** - Add token management functionality to `DwollaV2::Client`
- **2.2.1** - Update dependencies
- **2.2.0** - Change token url from `www.dwolla.com/oauth/v2/token` to `accounts.dwolla.com/token`
- **2.1.0** - Ensure `Time.iso8601` is defined so timestamps get parsed. [#38](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby/pull/38) (Thanks [@javierjulio](https://github.com/javierjulio)!)
- **2.0.3** - Add `DuplicateResourceError` [#34](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby/pull/34) (Thanks [@javierjulio](https://github.com/javierjulio)!)
- **2.0.2** - Fix bug in [#30](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby/pull/30) (Thanks again [@sobrinho](https://github.com/sobrinho)!
- **2.0.1** - Fix bugs in [#27](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby/pull/27) + [#28](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby/pull/28) (Thanks [@sobrinho](https://github.com/sobrinho)!)
- **2.0.0**
- Rename `DwollaV2::Response` `#status` => `#response_status`, `#headers` => `#response_headers` to prevent

>   [conflicts with response body properties][response-conflicts].

Author: ```suggestion
  [conflicts with response body properties](https://discuss.dwolla.com/t/document-change-or-more-clarifiation/3964).
```

>   [conflicts with response body properties][response-conflicts].

Author: ```suggestion
  [conflicts with response body properties](https://discuss.dwolla.com/t/document-change-or-more-clarifiation/3964).
```

- **0.2.0** - Works with `attr_encrypted`
- **0.1.1** - Handle 500 error with HTML response body when requesting a token

## Community
* If you have any feedback, please reach out to us on [our forums](https://discuss.dwolla.com/) or by [creating a GitHub issue](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby/issues/new).

> * If you would like to contribute to this library, bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby.

Author: ```suggestion
* If you would like to contribute to this library, [bug reports](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby/issues) and [pull requests](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby/pulls) are always appreciated!
```

  * After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment. 
  * To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).
  
## Additional Resources

To learn more about Dwolla and how to integrate our product with your application, please consider visiting the following resources and becoming a member of our community!

* [Dwolla](https://www.dwolla.com/)
* [Dwolla Developers](https://developers.dwolla.com/)
* [SDKs and Tools](https://developers.dwolla.com/sdks-tools)
  * [Dwolla SDK for C#](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-csharp)
  * [Dwolla SDK for Kotlin](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-kotlin)
  * [Dwolla SDK for Node](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node)

>   * [Dwolla SDK for Python](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python)

Author: ```suggestion
  * [Dwolla SDK for PHP](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-php)
  * [Dwolla SDK for Python](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python)
```

* [Developer Support Forum](https://discuss.dwolla.com/)

> ---

Author: ```suggestion
```

> [response-conflicts]: https://discuss.dwolla.com/t/document-change-or-more-clarifiation/3964

Author: ```suggestion
```

> [public-suffix]: https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby/pull/18#discussion_r108028135

Author: ```suggestion
```
